#guiding principles for coding in Agent-Ohm

= Overview =

These design tenets will act as a litmus test for every proposed change to the source code.
If any proposed change does not relate to one of the tenets, then it will not be included in the project.


= 1. Style doesn't trump efficiency =

Coding styles should not be employed if they have a detrimental effect on the execution of the code.  
Furthermore, if a certain coding style uses more resources than another coding style, the other coding style 
is preferred.

= 2. Sub-classes are not a design pattern = 

A large, complex project needs to employ industry standard design patterns to be widely understood by other 
developers.  Continually extending classes in a parent-child relationship does not constitute an acceptable 
design pattern.

= 3. Outside developers should have a sense of mastery over code = 

Organization of files and directories should be done in a way which helps developers who have never 
seen the code before understand the structure of the code.  Code organization should not be done 
simply for ease of including.  Code files which are intimately tied to each other should be located as "near" 
each other as reasonably possible.

= 4. Business logic should be orthogonal = 

Customizable behavior of the system should be centrally located in controllers and actions, not buried in 
models.  This creates a top-down view of the behavior of any HTTP request and lends to a totality of 
understanding a complete request without tracing through many models and libraries.  Complex chains of nested function calls results in brittle, oblique code.

= 5. Customizing should have one clear way =

When choosing to customize a part of the system there should be one method which is obvious and a better choice than the others.  This tenet relates to tenets number 2 and 3.  Currently there are two ways to override any class in the system, neither of which has clear advantages over the other.