=Things that aren't done yet=

==No Blocks Fork==
Trim the blocks system down to around 5 core blocks.

  * CMS/Page
  * Core/Text_List
  * Core/Html
  * Core/Template
  * Core/Abstract

===Rationale===

The blocks system uses about 50% of the resources of a Magento request when the cache is fully primed.  Most blocks are simply facade pattern gateways to other parts of the system.  This keeps the syntax inside a .phtml template file short and neat.  A better facading block could be made which handles calls to functions not known at run-time can be made.  Cycling through the Mage::registry() might be a good place to start.

==Fix the Cache==
The cache system needs to not duplicate itself 4 times over.  This causes too much resource waste.  A more intelligent getNode() function can search through different parts of the DOM to find the proper node - OR - we can switch to using DOM functions instead of SimpleXML and copy the DOM branches around at runtime.

===Rationale===

The cache system creates 4 copies of all the data under the <default> tag for every module.  This creates an incredibly huge hit to the system every request.  If a system can be developed which provides the same convenience as coping the <default> node w/o creating an XML structure 4 times the size and without using 4 times the memory, we should use it.


==Fix the Design==
Drop everything for 960.gs and JQuery based design.  The sample store is a sample, it's not really meant for full production use and shouldn't try to be.  It should be a reference for how to do everything, but also how to make your own.  Being extra complicated doesn't help anyone.